WPB-18372:Add migrate teams documentation (#62)
wireapp/wire-docs: src/how-to/administrate/migrate-team-features.md

# Migrate to new team features

> This document describes how to migrate to the new team features of the wire app if the release is older than [5.12.0](https://docs.wire.com/latest/changelog/changelog.html#2025-03-06-chart-release-5120) in the air-gapped environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to migrate your team settings if the release is older than [5.12.0](https://docs.wire.com/latest/changelog/changelog.html#2025-03-06-chart-release-5120) in the air-gapped environment. If you do not perform this migration after deploying a newer release, your team settings will be in an inconsistent state, until this is run.
```

> We added a [migrate-features](https://github.com/wireapp/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/migrate-faciliate) helm chart to facilitate the migration process, as described in the release changelog in the wire-server-deploy bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added a [migrate-features](https://github.com/wireapp/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/migrate-faciliate) helm chart to facilitate the migration process.
```

## Run the migration job

> The chart sets up the `migrate-feature` job when it got installed in the `default` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this chart is installed, it sets up a `migrate-feature` job in the `default` namespace:
```

  ```sh
  helm install default ./charts/migrate-features
  ```
 
 Before running the helm command, make sure the `migrate-features` chart is available in the charts directory, if not please download the chart or copy it from our latest artifacts.

>  ## Configuration

Reviewer: move configuration before use.

>  The values of the chart contains the necessary configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The values of the chart already contains the necessary configuration options.
```

 ```yaml
 job:
   name: migrate-features
   restartPolicy: Never
   backoffLimit: 4
   cassandraHost: cassandra-external # Replace with your Cassandra service name `kubectl get svc -n default`
   cassandraPort: 9042
   galleyKeyspace: galley
 ```
Most configuration values can remain as they are, but ensure the `cassandraHost` value is correct by running:

```sh
kubectl get svc -n default` # assuming the services are in the default namespace
```
And the service name for the cassandra and replace the value of `cassandraHost` if it differs.

> The `appVersion` value in `migrate-features/Chart.yaml` is used as the image tag. Update it if you need to pull a different image tag than `5.12.0`.

Reviewer: delete this line. unnecessary, until it is.
